# Labyrinth GO: The Game

Project One: Labyrinth GO (the game)
By: Alana DeVito
Artist Statement:

This game, Labyrinth Go is inspired both by the 1984 movie starring Jennifer Connelly and David Bowie, as well as the app, Pokemon Go. You navigate the story line of the movie and search in different scenes for items and characters from the movie before you get to the castle at the center of the goblin city. The user utilizes the drop-down menus to search specific locations in each scene for at least 4 items and 7 characters before reaching the castle. If they have not found all of the characters and items, the user will not be able to face-off against Jareth to win the game, once they have reached the castle. They will then be forced to restart the game. Along the way, there are other traps that will end the game and force the user to restart as well. Two examples of these traps are: being thrown into the Bog of Eternal Stench and biting into a poison peach!
A JSON data file stores all the different found items and characters along with the storyline elements that are introduced to the user when they find the item or character. The 8-bit style is meant to recall the era that the movie was made. A geolocation library is utilized as a fun UI element to the game play, as if you are keeping track of your location in the Labyrinth. The Anyang voice recognition library is employed in the final ‘face-off’ against Jareth, the Goblin King. Exactly like the movie, the user needs to say, “You have no power over me!” out loud to beat Jareth and rescue your baby brother! If the user says the wrong line, the game prompts them to try again or restart the game to find the line hidden somewhere in the game (it is in the Labyrinth book that is hiding in the bookshelf in Toby’s room in scene one).
